TELL THE VIEWERS WHAT HAPPENED.
>> Reporter: WOLF, PRESIDENT
OBAMA IS RAISING THE STAKES IN
THE CONFLICT WITH VLADIMIR PUTIN
AND EFFECTIVELY KICKS RUSSIA OUT
OF THE G-8 AFTER AN EMERGENCY
MEETING THAT LASTED NEARLY TWO
HOURS.
THEY BLASTED MOSCOW FOR ITS
ANNEXATION OF CRIMEA BUT THE
OTHER BIG HEADLINE OF THE DAY,
WOLF, IS THAT THE G-8 SUMMIT
WILL NOT BE IN SOCHI, RUSSIA.
I STEAD, THE G-7 SUMMIT WILL
HELP IN BRUSSELS, BELGIAN.
HERE'S WHAT HE HAD TO SAY.
>> EUROPE AND AMERICA ARE UNITED
IN OUR SUPPORT OF THE UKRAINIAN
GOVERNMENT AND THE UKRAINE
PEOPLE.
WE ARE UNITED IN IMPOSING A COST
ON RUSSIA FOR ITS ACTIONS SO
FAR.
>> NOW, AS FOR THOSE 20,000
TROOPS, THOSE RUSSIAN TROOPS
GATHERED ON THE UKRAINIAN
BORDER.
A SENIOR OFFICIAL SAID THAT THE
G-7 NATIONS HAVE ALSO AGREED TO
FURTHER SANCTIONS MOSCOW IF
VLADIMIR PUTIN DECIDES TO INVADE
EASTERN AND SOUTHERN UKRAINE.
THE SANCTIONS, WOLF, WOULD
AFFECT RUSSIA'S VERY EFFECTIVE
BANKING INDUSTRIES.
>> WE KNOW THAT SERGEY LAVROV IS
THERE IN HAGUE, NOT PUTIN.
ANY PROGRESS AT ALL?
>> Reporter: WELL, HE MET WITH
SECRETARY STATE JOHN KERRY
EARLIER TODAY.
HE ALSO TALKED TO THE UKRAINIAN
FOREIGN MINISTER.
BUT HE WAS ASKED ABOUT THE
PROSPECT OF BEING BOOTED OUT OF
THE G-8 EARLIER AND SAID THAT
THERE IS NO MEMBERSHIP CARD FOR
THE G-8 AND DOESN'T SEE RUSSIA
AS BEING KICKED OUT OF IT BUT
THAT'S NOT, OF COURSE, HOW THE
UNITED STATES OR INDUSTRIALIZED
NATIONS VIEW IT AT THIS POINT.
THERE WERE DIPLOMATIC SITUATIONS
HAPPENING ON THE SIDELINES AND